This document defines the requirements for the nursing station application.

Overview:
The nursing station application is an IoT dashboard for a sensor product to monitor patient health.

This project intends to create a hospital nurse station using IoT sensors. It will include vital 
monitorings of blood oxygen levels and heart rate, as well as accept and display alerts based 
on input from the digital button. This alert will be visible on the web interface as well as 
through the RGB LED light to indicate to both the user monitoring and the user being monitored 
that the alert was sent.

UI: Web Interface with encrypted login credentials
Data storage: Encrypted SQL database linked to live monitoring tables and graphs on the web interface
Data collection: ESP32 utilizing all listed IoT Devices

User scenarios:

1. As a nurse I want to be able to securely log into the application so that the patient data kept private
and only I can access it. I will enter my employee id, which is 6 digits, and a password, and the system will
log me in.

2. As a system admin I want to be able to security log into the application so that I can manage
the users of the system and ensure that the system remains secure. I will enter my employee id, which is 6 digits
and a password and the system will log me in.

3. As a patient intake administrator I want to be able to securely log into the application so that the patient
data is kept private and I am able to add new patients. I will enter my employee id, which is 6 digits, and a password, and the system will
log me in.

4. As a nurse I want to be able to see the patient dashboard so that I can monitor patient data. Only nurses
can see the dashboard.

5. As a system admin I want to be able to see the list of users in the system so that I can perform the following actions:
a - Create new users.
b - Disable a user.
c - Enable a previously disabled user.
d - Send a reset password email to a user.

6. As a patient intake specialist I want to be able to see the patient intake screen so that I can add a new
patient to the system. The data for the patient I will collect is:
a - The patient name.
b - The patient id.
c - The id of the sensor assigned to the patient.
d - The room number the patient is assigned to.

7. As a nurse I want to be able to see the dashboard of patient sensor data. The dashboard is a grid of graphs
for each patient. Each patient cell will contain the patient name, current reading of blood oxygen and heart rate
as a number and a spark graph of the last 20 readings. The dashboard will, by default, order the patient dashboard
by room number.

8. As a nurse I want to be able to change the order of the dashboard so that I can better review the data. I can order
the dashboard by room number, patient name, or patient id.

9. As a nurse I want to be able to change set alert levels for oxygen level and heart rate so that I can respond
to patient health problems. Each measurement must have a lower and uppper limit. If the measurement exceeds
the range then the dashboard cell for that patient should be emphasized.
